隐私政策

本应用尊重并保护所有使用服务用户的个人隐私权。为了给您提供更准确、更有个性化的服务，本应用会按照本隐私权政策的规定使用和披露您的个人信息。但本应用将以高度的勤勉、审慎义务对待这些信息。除本隐私权政策另有规定外，在未征得您事先许可的情况下，本应用不会将这些信息对外披露或向第三方提供。本应用会不时更新本隐私权政策。 您在同意本应用服务使用协议之时，即视为您已经同意本隐私权政策全部内容。本隐私权政策属于本应用服务使用协议不可分割的一部分。
1. 适用范围
(a) 在您注册本应用帐号时，您根据本应用要求提供的个人注册信息；
(b) 在您使用本应用网络服务，或访问本应用平台网页时，本应用自动接收并记录的您的浏览器和计算机上的信息，包括但不限于您的IP地址、浏览器的类型、使用的语言、访问日期和时间、软硬件特征信息及您需求的网页记录等数据；
(c) 本应用通过合法途径从商业伙伴处取得的用户个人数据。
您了解并同意，以下信息不适用本隐私权政策：
(a) 您在使用本应用平台提供的搜索服务时输入的关键字信息；
(b) 本应用收集到的您在本应用发布的有关信息数据，包括但不限于参与活动、成交信息及评价详情；
(c) 违反法律规定或违反本应用规则行为及本应用已对您采取的措施。
2. 信息使用
(a)本应用不会向任何无关第三方提供、出售、出租、分享或交易您的个人信息，除非事先得到您的许可，或该第三方和本应用（含本应用关联公司）单独或共同为您提供服务，且在该服务结束后，其将被禁止访问包括其以前能够访问的所有这些资料。
(b) 本应用亦不允许任何第三方以任何手段收集、编辑、出售或者无偿传播您的个人信息。任何本应用平台用户如从事上述活动，一经发现，本应用有权立即终止与该用户的服务协议。
(c) 为服务用户的目的，本应用可能通过使用您的个人信息，向您提供您感兴趣的信息，包括但不限于向您发出产品和服务信息，或者与本应用合作伙伴共享信息以便他们向您发送有关其产品和服务的信息（后者需要您的事先同意）。
3. 信息披露
在如下情况下，本应用将依据您的个人意愿或法律的规定全部或部分的披露您的个人信息：
(a) 经您事先同意，向第三方披露；
(b)为提供您所要求的产品和服务，而必须和第三方分享您的个人信息；
(c) 根据法律的有关规定，或者行政或司法机构的要求，向第三方或者行政、司法机构披露；
(d) 如您出现违反中国有关法律、法规或者本应用服务协议或相关规则的情况，需要向第三方披露；
(e) 如您是适格的知识产权投诉人并已提起投诉，应被投诉人要求，向被投诉人披露，以便双方处理可能的权利纠纷；
(f) 在本应用平台上创建的某一交易中，如交易任何一方履行或部分履行了交易义务并提出信息披露请求的，本应用有权决定向该用户提供其交易对方的联络方式等必要信息，以促成交易的完成或纠纷的解决。
(g) 其它本应用根据法律、法规或者网站政策认为合适的披露。
4. 信息存储和交换
本应用收集的有关您的信息和资料将保存在本应用及（或）其关联公司的服务器上，这些信息和资料可能传送至您所在国家、地区或本应用收集信息和资料所在地的境外并在境外被访问、存储和展示。
5. Cookie的使用
(a) 在您未拒绝接受cookies的情况下，本应用会在您的计算机上设定或取用cookies ，以便您能登录或使用依赖于cookies的本应用平台服务或功能。本应用使用cookies可为您提供更加周到的个性化服务，包括推广服务。
(b) 您有权选择接受或拒绝接受cookies。您可以通过修改浏览器设置的方式拒绝接受cookies。但如果您选择拒绝接受cookies，则您可能无法登录或使用依赖于cookies的本应用网络服务或功能。
(c) 通过本应用所设cookies所取得的有关信息，将适用本政策。
6. 信息安全
(a) 本应用帐号均有安全保护功能，请妥善保管您的用户名及密码信息。本应用将通过对用户密码进行加密等安全措施确保您的信息不丢失，不被滥用和变造。尽管有前述安全措施，但同时也请您注意在信息网络上不存在“完善的安全措施”。
(b) 在使用本应用网络服务进行网上交易时，您不可避免的要向交易对方或潜在的交易对
7.隐私政策问题
如果你对本公司的隐私政策或数据处理有任何问题或顾虑，请向本仓库提交issue与作者联系。

---------------------------

Privacy policy

The App respects and protects the personal privacy of all users of the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, the App will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy. However, the APP will treat such information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, the App will not disclose such information to the public or provide it to third parties without your prior permission. The App will update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When you agree to the Application Service Usage Agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to all contents of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy policy is an integral part of the Application Service Usage Agreement.
1. Scope of application
(a) The personal registration information you provide as required by the App when you register an account with the App;
(b) Information on your browser and computer automatically received and recorded by the App when you use the network services of the App or visit the web pages of the App platform, including but not limited to your IP address, the type of browser, the language used, the date and time of access, software and hardware characteristics information and web page records required by you;
(c) Users' personal data obtained by the App from business partners through legal means.
You understand and agree that the following information is not subject to this Privacy Policy:
(a) Keyword information entered by you when using the search services provided by the Application Platform;
(b) Information and data collected by the App and published by you in the App, including but not limited to participation in activities, transaction information and evaluation details;
(c) Violations of laws or violations of the Rules of the Application and measures taken against you by the Application.
2. Information use
(a) The App will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, unless prior permission is obtained from you, or such third party and the App (including affiliated companies of the App) provide services for you individually or jointly, and they will be prohibited from accessing all such information including those previously accessible to them after the service ends.
(b) The App also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or disseminate your personal information without compensation by any means. If any user of the App Platform engages in the above activities, upon discovery, the App shall have the right to immediately terminate the Service Agreement with such user.
(c) For the purpose of serving users, the App may, through the use of your personal information, provide you with information of interest to you, including but not limited to sending you information about products and services, or share information with the App's partners so that they can send you information about their products and services (the latter requires your prior consent).
3. Information disclosure
Under the following circumstances, the App will disclose your personal information in whole or in part according to your personal will or the provisions of the law:
(a) Disclose to third parties with your prior consent;
(b) Share your personal information with third parties in order to provide the products and services you require;
(c) Disclose to a third party or an administrative or judicial body in accordance with the relevant provisions of law or at the request of an administrative or judicial body;
(d) If you violate relevant Chinese laws and regulations or the Application Service Agreement or relevant rules, you need to disclose to a third party;
(e) If you are a qualified IPR complainant and have filed a complaint, disclose it to the respondent at the request of the Respondent so that both parties can settle possible rights disputes;
(f) In a transaction created on the App Platform, if any party to the transaction performs or partially performs its transaction obligations and requests for information disclosure, the App has the right to decide to provide the user with the contact information and other necessary information of its counterparty to facilitate the completion of the transaction or the settlement of the dispute.
(g) other disclosures deemed appropriate by the App in accordance with laws, regulations or policies of the Website.
4. Information storage and exchange
The information and data about you collected by the App will be stored in the servers of the App and/or its affiliates, and such information and data may be sent to the country or region where you are located or outside the territory where the information and data collected by the App are located and can be accessed, stored and displayed outside the territory.
5. Use of cookies
(a) If you do not refuse to accept cookies, the App will set or access cookies on your computer so that you can log in to or use the services or functions of the App Platform that rely on cookies. cookies can be used by the App to provide you with more thoughtful personalized services, including promotional services.
(b) You have the option to accept or reject cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying your browser Settings. However, if you choose not to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in to or use the application's network services or functions that rely on cookies.
(c) This Policy applies to information obtained through cookies set by the App.
6. Information security
(a) This application account has security protection function, please keep your user name and password properly. The application will encrypt the user password and other security measures to ensure that your information is not lost, abused and altered. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please note that there is no such thing as "perfect security measures" on information networks.
(b) When using the Application network Services to conduct online transactions, you will inevitably have to contact the counterparty or potential transaction pair
7. Privacy policy issues
If you have any questions or concerns about the Company's privacy policy or data processing, please submit an issue to the warehouse and contact the author.
